Let the user define the decompressed file name. (#203)
fatiando/pooch: doc/usage.rst

        data = numpy.load(fname)
        return data

:class:`pooch.Decompress` returns ``"large-binary-file.npy.gz.decomp"`` as the
decompressed file name by default. You can change its behaviour by passing a
callback instead:

.. code:: python

>     from pooch import Decompress

Reviewer: Import `os` to use `os.path.splitext()`.

```suggestion
    import os
    from pooch import Decompress
```

    def fetch_compressed_file():
        """
        Load a large binary file that has been gzip compressed.
        """

>         # Pass in the processor to decompress the file on download
>         fname = GOODBOY.fetch("large-binary-file.npy.gz",
>                               processor=Decompress(rename=lambda fname: fname[:-3]))

Reviewer: Improve styling of docs and how we can remote the compress file extension, independently of the number of characters of the extension.

```suggestion
        # Pass in the processor to decompress the file on download
        fname = GOODBOY.fetch("
            large-binary-file.npy.gz",
            processor=Decompress(rename=lambda fname: os.path.splitext(fname)[0]),
        )
```
